Home

Get a free consultation

Clarity in a World of Chaos

When is the last time you stopped to take a deep breath? We live in unprecedented times, with technology changing and evolving faster than any one person could keep track of. What AI tools are worth investing in, what will be obsolete in another month, and what can you not afford to miss?

At Los Angeles AI Consulting, we combine technical expertise with domain understanding to help you embrace the future with clarity and confidence. Whether you’re a small business just starting out or a well established corporation looking to expand, find out how AI can work for you.

Value You Can Measure

According to a 2024 study commissioned by Microsoft, for every $1 a company invested in generative AI the average return on investment was $3.7x, with top leaders seeing an average ROI of $10.3. However, 30% of responders lacked in-house AI skills, and another 26% lacked employees with the skills needed to work with AI.

Los Angeles AI Consulting brings your team up to date with the best tools for a fraction of the price of hiring an in-house specialist. With quick turnaround times, you don’t have to wonder whether investing in new technology will pay off - you can watch it happen in months, weeks or even days.

Transforming Vision Into AI Powered Reality

If you can imagine it, we can help you build it with the power of AI. Our team works with your unique business needs to translate your goals into value using a combination of scalable architecture, best-in-class tools for your industry and custom software development. Whether you need a RAG, LLM, business intelligence tool, generative AI, predictive analytics, or custom machine learning algorithm we’ve got you covered.

Insights from the Frontlines of AI

Follow us on social media to stay ahead of the curve with expert insights into the world of AI.


Services

AI Mastery Workshops

From prompt writing to creating data pipelines, learn from the experts how to make the most out of your AI powered software.

Strategic Planning

Los Angeles AI Consulting surveys your business needs to recommend the best tools for the job. We create a detailed road map for your company’s AI powered data strategy. We compare different software solutions for cloud storage, chatbot management, content creation, and any other tools which will boost your revenue within your budget.

Personalized Research and Development

Do you have a great idea for your own AI powered app? Do you need proprietary software that keeps your data safe from third party access and complies with industry regulations? With a decade of experience in software development, we have the skills to create dynamic and fully customizable AI products.

AI Powered Data Analytics

We use a variety of powerful AI tools to predict financial trends, marketing strategy, asset health, and more. We create automatically updated dashboards to visualize your data so that you can see performance at a glance or dive into the details.


Clients

Close Call Sports


Playground

Who says consultants can’t have a little fun? Check out some of our personal experiments with generative AI tools and see how they compare. Follow us on social media for more content, and show us your AI creations.


About

Founder
Heron Ziegel has had a diverse career in tech, from working as an AVP data analyst for TD Bank to training AI chatbots. He has a degree in Data Science with a focus in Computational Analytics from Temple University and was featured in the Wall Street Journal at the age of 24. Heron has developed custom machine learning and data analytics solutions to help a number of organizations improve their business performance. He formerly studied graphic design and advertising at Virginia Commonwealth University and views data science and programming as new creative mediums.


Contact

(818) 724-4460
